docs/existing-project.md, before:

# Installing on an Existing Project

It's also possible to use Symfony Docker with existing projects!

First, [download this skeleton](https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker). If you clone the Git repository, be sure to remove the `.git` directory to prevent conflicts with the `.git` directory already in your existing project.

Then, copy the Docker-related files from the skeleton to your existing project:

    cp -Rp symfony-docker/. my-existing-project/

Enable the Docker support of Symfony Flex:

    composer config --json extra.symfony.docker 'true'

Re-execute the recipes to update the Docker-related files according to the packages you use

    rm symfony.lock
    composer symfony:sync-recipes --force --verbose

Double-check the changes, revert the changes that you don't want to keep:

    git diff
    ...

Build the Docker images:

    docker compose build --no-cache --pull

Start the project!

    docker compose up -d

Browse `https://localhost`, your Docker configuration is ready!

> [!NOTE]
> If you want to use the worker mode of FrankenPHP, make sure you required the `runtime/frankenphp-symfony` package.

> [!NOTE]
> The worker mode of FrankenPHP is enabled by default in prod. To disabled it, add the env var FRANKENPHP_CONFIG as empty to the compose.prod.yaml file.

Commit message:

Added git specific file copy command to docs.
With the new instructions the copying to an existing project doesn't
destoy the cloned symfony-docker repository.

docs/existing-project.md, after:

# Installing on an Existing Project

It's also possible to use Symfony Docker with existing projects!

First, [download this skeleton](https://github.com/dunglas/symfony-docker).

If you cloned the Git repository you can copy the files from the repository using git and tar:

    git archive --format=tar HEAD | tar -xC my-existing-project/

If you downloaded the skeleton with zip you can just copy the extracted files:

    cp -Rp symfony-docker/. my-existing-project/

Enable the Docker support of Symfony Flex:

    composer config --json extra.symfony.docker 'true'

Re-execute the recipes to update the Docker-related files according to the packages you use

    rm symfony.lock
    composer symfony:sync-recipes --force --verbose

Double-check the changes, revert the changes that you don't want to keep:

    git diff
    ...

Build the Docker images:

    docker compose build --no-cache --pull

Start the project!

    docker compose up -d

Browse `https://localhost`, your Docker configuration is ready!

> [!NOTE]
> If you want to use the worker mode of FrankenPHP, make sure you required the `runtime/frankenphp-symfony` package.

> [!NOTE]
> The worker mode of FrankenPHP is enabled by default in prod. To disabled it, add the env var FRANKENPHP_CONFIG as empty to the compose.prod.yaml file.
