docs/tls.md, before:

# TLS Certificates

## Trusting the Authority

With a standard installation, the authority used to sign certificates generated in the Caddy container is not trusted by your local machine.
You must add the authority to the trust store of the host :

```
# Mac
$ docker cp $(docker compose ps -q php):/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt /tmp/root.crt && sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain /tmp/root.crt
# Linux
$ docker cp $(docker compose ps -q php):/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/root.crt && sudo update-ca-certificates
# Windows
$ docker compose cp php:/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt %TEMP%/root.crt && certutil -addstore -f "ROOT" %TEMP%/root.crt
```

## Using Custom TLS Certificates

By default, Caddy will automatically generate TLS certificates using Let's Encrypt or ZeroSSL.
But sometimes you may prefer using custom certificates.

For instance, to use self-signed certificates created with [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) do as follows:

1. Locally install `mkcert`
2. Create the folder storing the certs: 
   `mkdir frankenphp/certs -p`
3. Generate the certificates for your local host (example: "server-name.localhost"):
   `mkcert -cert-file frankenphp/certs/tls.pem -key-file frankenphp/certs/tls.key "server-name.localhost"`
4. Add these lines to the `./compose.override.yaml` file about `CADDY_SERVER_EXTRA_DIRECTIVES` environment and volume for the `php` service :
    ```diff
    php:
      environment:
    +    CADDY_SERVER_EXTRA_DIRECTIVES: "tls /etc/caddy/certs/tls.pem /etc/caddy/certs/tls.key"
        # ...
      volumes:
    +    - ./frankenphp/certs:/etc/caddy/certs:ro
        - ./public:/app/public:ro
    ```
5. Restart your `php` service

Commit message:

docs(tls.md): add instructions about disabling HTTPS

docs/tls.md, after:

# TLS Certificates

## Trusting the Authority

With a standard installation, the authority used to sign certificates generated in the Caddy container is not trusted by your local machine.
You must add the authority to the trust store of the host :

```
# Mac
$ docker cp $(docker compose ps -q php):/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt /tmp/root.crt && sudo security add-trusted-cert -d -r trustRoot -k /Library/Keychains/System.keychain /tmp/root.crt
# Linux
$ docker cp $(docker compose ps -q php):/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt /usr/local/share/ca-certificates/root.crt && sudo update-ca-certificates
# Windows
$ docker compose cp php:/data/caddy/pki/authorities/local/root.crt %TEMP%/root.crt && certutil -addstore -f "ROOT" %TEMP%/root.crt
```

## Using Custom TLS Certificates

By default, Caddy will automatically generate TLS certificates using Let's Encrypt or ZeroSSL.
But sometimes you may prefer using custom certificates.

For instance, to use self-signed certificates created with [mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) do as follows:

1. Locally install `mkcert`
2. Create the folder storing the certs:
   `mkdir frankenphp/certs -p`
3. Generate the certificates for your local host (example: "server-name.localhost"):
   `mkcert -cert-file frankenphp/certs/tls.pem -key-file frankenphp/certs/tls.key "server-name.localhost"`
4. Add these lines to the `./compose.override.yaml` file about `CADDY_SERVER_EXTRA_DIRECTIVES` environment and volume for the `php` service :
    ```diff
    php:
      environment:
    +    CADDY_SERVER_EXTRA_DIRECTIVES: "tls /etc/caddy/certs/tls.pem /etc/caddy/certs/tls.key"
        # ...
      volumes:
    +    - ./frankenphp/certs:/etc/caddy/certs:ro
        - ./public:/app/public:ro
    ```
5. Restart your `php` service

## Disabling HTTPS for Local Development

To disable HTTPS, configure your environment to use HTTP by setting the following variables and starting the project with this command:

```bash
SERVER_NAME=http://localhost \
MERCURE_PUBLIC_URL=http://localhost/.well-known/mercure \
TRUSTED_HOSTS='^localhost|php$' \
docker compose up --pull always -d --wait
```

Ensure your application is accessible over HTTP by visiting `http://localhost` in your web browser.
